"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity." - Albert Einstein
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value." - Albert Einstein
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." - Wayne Gretzky
"Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it." - Charles R. Swindoll
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans." - John Lennon
"The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now." - Chinese Proverb
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
"The only impossible journey is the one you never begin." - Tony Robbins
"It always seems impossible until it is done." - Nelson Mandela
"I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse." - Florence Nightingale
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
"The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible." - Charles Kingsleigh, 'Alice in Wonderland'
"It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters." - Epictetus
"The only source of knowledge is experience." - Albert Einstein
"If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else." - Booker T. Washington
"The best revenge is massive success." - Frank Sinatra
"Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful." - Joshua J. Marine
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step." - Lao Tzu
"Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs
"The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing." - Socrates
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
"Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
"We become what we think about." - Earl Nightingale
"You must be the change you wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world." - Roy T. Bennett
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." - Walt Disney
"Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened." - Dr. Seuss
"Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all." - Helen Keller
"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken." - Oscar Wilde
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." - Ralph Waldo Emerson